PD-1682 / 25.10 / PD-1682 Add Postgres and run-as user ACL information (#3642)
truenas/documentation: static/includes/apps/HostPathACL.md

Refer to the app **Run As Context** on the app details screen for default ID requirements.
A user or group ID does not need to exist locally on TrueNAS or match the name configured in the container to grant an ACE.

> If the app has run-as users, add an ACL entry for these users for each dataset host path added.

Reviewer: Might need a tiny bit more nuance here on "add an ACL entry for these users for **_each_** dataset host path added." Some apps have multiple containers with unique run-as users. These users need to be configured on the appropriate host path, but not necessarily on all of them.

Reviewer 2: Agree with @DjP-iX

Author: change in the next commit

> Refer to the app **Run As Context** on the app details screen for default ID requirements.
> A user or group ID does not need to exist locally on TrueNAS or match the name configured in the container to grant an ACE.
> If the app has run-as users, you might need to add an ACL entry for these users for each dataset host path added.
> Some apps might also have other unique run-as users that need to be configured on the appropriate host path, but not necessarily on all of them.
> You do not need to add these users on the **Credentials > Users** screen to add the UID/GUI as an ACE entry for the host path dataset.

Reviewer: This still feels more confusing than it needs to be. What about:

```suggestion
Refer to the app **Run As Context** on the app details screen for default ID requirements.
A user or group ID does not need to exist locally on TrueNAS or match the name configured in the container.
You do not need to add these users in **Credentials** to add the UID/GID as an ACE for the host path dataset.

If the app has run-as users, you need to add an ACL entry for these users on the appropriate host path(s).
For example, an app with multiple containers might include run-as users for the app itself, a redis container, and  a postgres container. 
In this case, add an ACE for the app run-as user to hostpath(s) for the app itself, add an ACE for the redis run-as user to the redis storage hostpath, and select the **Automatic Permissions**  option to add permissions for the postgres run-as user to the postgres storage dataset.
```

A user or group ID does not need to exist locally on TrueNAS or match the name configured in the container to grant an ACE.
Failing to configure host path ACLs prevents the app from deploying!

> If the app has run-as users, shown in the **Run As User** widget on the information screen for the app, add an ACL entry for these users for each dataset host path added.

Reviewer: Every app has a **Run As Context** widget with user information there. 

Also they typically specify the required users for separate containers which may mean ACEs required for some datasets and not for others. For example, a postgres storage dataset would need the user 999 (or Automatic Permissions) and a redis dataset would need 1001, but the App data storage dataset for that app might not need those permissions. So I think we want to state this in a way that's not too wordy, but not as simply as saying these permissions are needed on EACH host path. 

Also compare this sentence to line 10 and combine.

Author: I'll run this past Stavros.

> You do not need to add these users on the **Credentials > Users** screen to add the UID/GUI as an ACE entry for the host path dataset.

Reviewer: This is getting a little repetitive between the previous paragraph and the new one. I think we should try to combine the useful information from both into a single paragraph.

> You do not need to add these users on the **Credentials > Users** screen to add the UID/GUI as an ACE entry for the host path dataset.

Reviewer: compare to line 11 and combine
